Catan* User Documentation

General Description:
    2-9 Players play a game of Catan with some rules being changed, but the goal remaining the same: Earn 10 Victory points to win.

The flow of the program:

I.      After the welcome screen users can select to play on a preset board, a randomly generated board or the one from the input file
II.     The User(s) will be prompted for a playercount (2-9) and after that each player will be prompted for their name.
III.    The board will be initialized, alongside the player's resources, as the players begin the setup phase.
IV.     After the setup phase has concluded the regular phase begins, where the turns actions go in the following way:
    IV.a)   A roll of the two dice takes place, and the tiles rolled will distribute resources to those entitled to them.
    IV.b)   The current player is entitled to make a Trade or skip to the next action,
    IV.c)   The current player is entitled to Build or skip to the next action.
    IV.d)   Victory points are tallied, and if someone has 10 they are declared the winner, otherwise the next player in the order begins their turn.
V.      The winner player is displayed on the screen


Inputs

I.      To leave the welcome-screen comply with the on-screen request of pressing any key.
II.     To select the type of board to play on left click on the preffered option.
III.    To specify the player count enter the desired number in the range of 2-9.
IV.     Type the name for each player in the order the users want to take turns.
V.      To begin, move the mouse or press any key.
VI.     To Build:
    VI.a)   To (try) building on the Node you want, click the Node.
    VI.b)   To (try) building on the Edge you want, click the midpoint of the Edge.
    VI.c)   To (try) upgrading on the Node you want, click the Node.
VII.    To trade: click the preffered method and the resource.
VIII.   To exit: perform any of the standard exit-requests (alt+f4, clicking close icon)


Outputs

I.      The welcome screen is a simple text
II.     The prompt for selecting the kind of gameboard is 3 buttons, with text labeling them
III.    The prompt for selecting the player count is a simple text
IV.     The prompt for entering the name of each player is a responsive (shows the characters as the user types,including backspace) text
V.      The gameboard
    V.a)    The Tiles are hexagons, their color correspoding to the type of resource(s) they hold, and a text labeling their die number
    V.b)    The Nodes are circles, their color correspoding to their owner, and their outline wether or not they are a harbor
    V.c)    The Edges are rectangle shapes, their color correspoding to their owner
VI.     The Player's infomration is a text with their name, and the amount of resource cards they have, and the number of Victory points.

Rules

Found in gamerules file

